# Tinder-Analysis
Tinder is a online dating application where users match and form connections by sharing images and descriptions about themselves. On the app, users can match with multiple people, send messages, and make plans to meet.  This project analyzes Tinder data to profile the users of the application and to discern the connection between the length of conversation and the user's choice to connect their instagram to their profile. 

The study has found that the majority of users are males, with men making up more than 6 times the number of women on the app. This could mean that straight men have a lower probability of getting a match than straight women since these women would have a greater number in the market of men to choose from. This gap could potentially lead to some male users switching apps to another one that they perceive will provide them with higher success.  The app would need to find a way to better market to women.

The next part of the study found that most users are located in the United States, with Canada and other European nations following behind. However, according to the bar chart, the United States lead with over 175 users whereas the second highest ranking country, Germany, has less than 50 users. The large difference in number of users between the United States and the rest of the world could be due to heavier marketing in the U.S. or due to a difference in culture. In the U.S., there is a culture of individuality and priority put on work life, leading people to choose long working hours and leaving them with less time and opportunity to go out and meet people authentically. The application, in this case, provides a convenient way to meet people.  In other culture where there's more focus on work-life balance, people are urged to go out and get together, making the idea of meeting people through an app unnecessary and unfulfilling. 

The study also looked at the age ranges of users on the Tinder app. The users were split into four categories: Young Adult, Adult, Middle Age, and Golden Years.  Young adults were classified as anyone younger than 30.  The range between 30 and 40 were considered as Adult.  Middle Age users were people ages 40 up to 50, and anyone older were considered to be in their Golden Years.  Young Adults were found to be the majority of the users, with Adult, Middle Age, and Golden Years users straggling behind. This is unsurprising since older generations are less in tune with technology and are possibly more biased towards the idea of meeting someone online rather than face-to-face. There might be an opportunity to expand into this market for Tinder if they can find a way to overcome the bias.

In the last part of the study, a one-tailed T-test was performed 
